Fixed link navigation bug (#49414)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tutorials/configuration/updating-configuration-via-a-configmap.md

as a helper container to write the HTML file.  
As a Sidecar Container is conceptually an Init Container, it is guaranteed to start before the main web server container.  
This ensures that the HTML file is always available when the web server is ready to serve it.  

> Please see [Enabling sidecar containers](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/#sidecar-example) to utilize this feature.

Reviewer: Instead of linking to the example section, perhaps we could update the link text to point directly to the previous section?  This might make it a bit better.

```suggestion
Please see [Sidecar containers in Kubernetes](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/#pod-sidecar-containers) to utilize this feature.
```

Author: Actually the first line of section points to `/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/` which explains what is sidecar container, I thought it would get redundant if we point to the same section again.

Reviewer 2: @aakankshabhende, I think you should do what @dipesh-rawat said because the referenced example has nothing to do with config-maps.

> Please see [Enabling sidecar containers](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/#sidecar-example) to utilize this feature.

Reviewer 3: Try this:
```suggestion
```

We have already encouraged readers to visit the other page.

Reviewer 2: True, at Line 433.

Author: I did the same change @sftim
